Update resources.md (#20)
gradescope/autograder_samples: docs/resources.md

-----| -----------
[jgrade](https://github.com/tkutche1/jgrade) | A Java helper library for building autograders for Gradescope
[UCSB Gradescope Tools](https://ucsb-gradescope-tools.github.io/) | Tools and examples for C++ and Python autograders, pulling from GitHub, etc

> [GradescopeGrader4Autolab](https://github.com/xyzisinus/GradescopeGrader4Autolab) | A bridging grader to help port Autolab autograders to Gradescope

Reviewer: Hi @xyzisinus, thanks for your contribution! Is "Bridging grader" some Autolab-specific terminology? I don't know if that term would make sense to other people. Perhaps something like this would work?

```suggestion
[GradescopeGrader4Autolab](https://github.com/xyzisinus/GradescopeGrader4Autolab) | A wrapper autograder to help port Autolab autograders to Gradescope
```

I haven't really seen the term "bridging" used in this context so I feel like it might be confusing to users.
